OBSDOCS-1751 incident detection ui plugin (#90113)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/coo-incident-detection-overview.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * observability/cluster_observability_operator/ui_plugins/incident-detection-ui-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="coo-incident-detection-overview_{context}"]
= {coo-full} incident detection overview

Clusters can generate significant volumes of monitoring data, making it hard for you to distinguish critical signals from noise.
Single incidents can trigger a cascade of alerts, and this results in extended time to detect and resolve issues.

> The {coo-full} incident detection feature groups alerts, that are correlated by time, into *incidents*. These incidents are then visualized as timelines that are color-coded by severity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {coo-full} incident detection feature groups related alerts into *incidents*. These incidents are then visualized as timelines that are color-coded by severity.
```

> Alerts are mapped to specific components, ranked by criticality, helping you to identify root causes by focusing on high impact components first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerts are mapped to specific components, grouped by severity, helping you to identify root causes by focusing on high impact components first.
```
